hello lemons how are you good this
time is I bring a video about the
whitening teeth as you can
see already in the title of the video and good
I hope you like it is a video that I
I was looking for quite as much on youtube as
I searched for comments in forums for
dare to use it to make a
whitening treatment at home
because well you know that the
treatments at dentists are usually
quite expensive or that for the
pocket does not come at all well so
nothing if you want to see how I could
whiten my teeth that you are going to see
good video and the first thing that
I want to talk is the first and the only thing
Of course, what I say is this treatment
they are some strips I suppose that already the
you will know are from cree is the brand you think
only sold in the USA in Spain that I
know you can not get unless you
be on the internet like I did
obviously but in physical store I think
that you can not get any
way and well if so, you know some
leave me in the comments
and well I'm going to talk a little bit about
this
the truth is that before daring to
approve
Well, as I said at the beginning
I searched enough I searched enough
comments from people I saw videos of
youtube and the truth is that good almost
everyone said good things almost
everybody not I think that all the
world said good things simply in
more or less, there were people who
life had gone super well other people
I did not notice it that much but good
the world was more or less satisfied
there was no stopping he had had problems
or anything like that and risk me and the
truth is that I have done quite well
I am among the people who are not
super satisfied
It may also be that I did not have the
Very dark teeth I do not smoke I do not drink coffee
some coffee once in a while but if
usually drink tea and tea supposed to
also those of the dark ones
yellow a little bit so well that's not
I am happy with the good things I have
made a seven - day treatment now
it was explained like this and there of several
days I think the maximum is 15 days
it's a treatment that for what I put
in my instructions that came to me more or
can only be done once a year
thing like that because this is not the best either
for the teeth analogous damages in fact
this is better than using bicarbonate
because the vícar do not know if you heard that
a lot of people who are bleached
baking in a brush and rubbing
but those damage the enamel and neither
even if it is an ingredient the bicarbonate
natural does not have to be
better and good this does not hurt you anymore
I say that you can not use all
months or even two or three times
year but you will notice it in minor
or greater measure and good I will explain
and come some bands that now I will leave you
around here and good here you can see a
little bit has a long one for the part of
up to the teeth above and other
more short for those below
you just have to open this
but I do not have it because obviously I have
spent
that yes take it off with care do not go
to put the finger in the middle of all the
glue is not glue but it is the
treatment that is to whiten the
pretty I advise you that yes that you
put first the one below I explain
because I got to first
first the one above and as tasks a
little bit because you do not know how it goes
well you want to put it perfect you're going
accumulating a bit of saliva and that's clear
the accumulated here below then the
teeth below and it cost me more to paste it
because with the saliva he had not given me
account and it cost me more then then what
I did the next day I put the first
from below before it's that from that
out accumulating output it hit me a lot
better then you put the work as
the band is wider than your
teeth with what is left over
and then you stick inside and up
I already tell you that it is a little more
wide that our teeth precisely
so that it does not fall short and if there
someone who has a tooth a little
bigger we will be by
here one part and the other not only os
you have to take that stick well
all the teeth and now you only have
to wait half an hour this becomes a
once a day you see for example I would
I bought I bought 7 of these for during
7 days
every day half an hour you can not eat or
nothing going to notice that accumulates
saliva because he has also given me
thing to swallow that leaves a little bit of
taste, nothing is water but I noticed that
something had spread in your mouth
then it was accumulating a bit of
saliva but good in half an hour it
Holds perfectly to something else that you
I have to say you can not wash the
teeth neither before nor after
so I explain them as I did for
example I dined better than mouth with water
so that there were no remains and because
I also do not like the sensations that you
know the food in hotel abando tilde
then I just rinse with water
and then I put them on - leave half an hour and
then you can not wash the
not because I did not know how long
it was so I did not go to bed without washing
my teeth I poured water in my mouth and it 's
One night is not a very comfortable feeling
because they know how to mouth dinner again
but then that's why I recommend
that if you can do it at night better
because if you do it for the day then
you go to the street you go to the ball
feel everything is good the best is
dine or rinse your mouth with your mouth
spit water you put it half an hour or so
you remove and until the next day
then it goes out and then the mouth washes us
the teeth and the normal next day
you have to be during the treatment
you can not drink coffee or coke or
things about these sodas neither three nor
things that can obscure you is something
obvious because you are for the treatment and
then after the treatment then
you also have to be a few days I think
that a few weeks and without taking it so
good if you like soda
It is also an ideal time to
remove them a little bit because a lot of sugar and
those things but good that I like not
just take and say I do not like the
Coca-Cola refreshments or anything not only takes
the coffee and I liked less soil so
I had no major problem mind then good
a few days without drinking tea, nothing happens
and it's good I chose as I told you
seven- day treatment that of 14 15
then I noticed it less I guess
it will be for that reason clear less days less
effect but yes or yes I took a picture of
before and after but not really
I know by use or something is not noticeable but I
I have noticed it and I have been noticed without
say that I was using it so
more we noticed that he had teeth
implants you have not done a treatment
because it's that but how are you using a
pasta
with white high to good and I use
then a paste with white 2 I think that a
see my favorite products that
it's an oral one that did not make me much
effect as I told you but with these I
I think it helps increase what I do not know
same things are fine but well I think
I do not know if it will be seen on the screen
the one that is said to see me
I feel more white I noticed
quite a thing that only with the
scientist I did not notice it and with this the
it's true that it's been great for me
I bought on ebay as I told you only
find online and have a price
pretty good you have to be careful
because there are imitations but good I
I will leave the link below below and to whom
I bought it that has very good
comments and if it's legit then let's go
I did not have any problem and it's what
cheaper because you know how good
lobón ebay each one puts their prices
but I do not remember the price for
the seven days but twelve euros I do not know and
I do not remember quite well compared
that is worth an approach that is 500 or
more or thereabouts but we is not cheap
so nothing I think that
that we are going it shows the result
although it is not so spectacular but
well I like it so I do not expect anything
that you liked the video you know
you can subscribe here below
you can leave me in comments everything
that you want to know what maybe not
I have explained or you have not been
Of course you can ask me, can you?
to give like the video porfis and you can me
follow all the social networks of
a seer and until next time